So, I'm particularly fond of the military. I joined when I was 21 and
I didn't really have that many skills available to me. I graduated high
school and I wasn't the best high school grad, you know, many people
in the military aren't and I tried college for a while and I was
very, an on and off again student. I got a few Fs when I was there
and because I was working two jobs at the time and you know, my days
were pretty full. So, the military actually allowed me to have a semi-regular
life, you know, like a semi-regular life. Because I was
taking care myself, because I didn't have the support of my family,
the military welcomed me with a job, a place to stay, some cash in my
pocket, a skill set and that pretty much, once I got that grounding,
then I was able to be very independent, very self sustaining for
a long time. So, it's kind of, it took care of me in that way. So, do
I love the military? You could say that I do. You know, it's the thing
that allowed me to have a college education later on, it's the
thing that allowed me to save up so much money and I think I'm doing
pretty well for someone my age, so. As far as my job, my job as an
Electrician's Mate, I didn't, it's not the job that I really wanted
to do at the beginning. I wanted to learn languages and you know, travel
the world a lot and I'm a nuclear technician. We weren't really
allowed to do that because you're a nuke, you have to stay on the continental
United States, So, I couldn't visit, I couldn't be stationed
in Germany, I couldn't be stationed in France, which, you know,
really, was irritating for me. And, I wasn't a very good engineer. I
didn't have the engineering mindset when I joined the military at first.
However, I grew to love my job because the training that they
give you, they make you a real expert at it. So, once you find a job
that you can do, you start doing well and then you start getting awards,
you start learning more things on your own and eventually I said,
"You know what? Electrician's Mate is really cool. It's one of the
best jobs that you can have in the military. So, I think it's, my
love for the Navy comes from all of that combined.